Add alt text to all docs images (#101)
GitbookIO/public-docs: creating-content/blocks/hint.md

This is a line

> This is an inline <img src=".gitbook/assets/notification.png" alt="An icon showing a notification" data-size="line"> image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an inline <img src="../../.gitbook/assets/command_icon_light.svg" alt="The Apple computer command icon" data-size="line"> image
```
